So now that you have your homepage
completely assembled here from chapter
six, the next thing for
you to do is all on your own,
I want you to build an about page for
the website.
So, if you take a look at my screenshot
here of how this should look there,
some parts of this that
should look familiar to you.
For example,
you have a navbar appear here at the top,
kinda looks like the navbar
we already have in place.
As is generally true on websites anyway,
we have the same sort of footer here.
And then in the middle instead
of projects we have instead
information about me, right,
or about you, I hope.
So, what I'd like for you to do is
to start by taking your homepage,
and you're gonna simply save it,
File Save As.
So, index dot HTML inside of VS code,
File Save As, call it about dot HTML.
And then take a look at
the HTML that you have there,
think about what you need to keep and
what you need to delete,
because you don't need to keep
everything that you had on the homepage.
Then you wanna modify that content
to reflect your own biography.
Maybe drop in your own picture,
drop in your own biography, or
you can use the provided information as
I've given it to you, that's fine too.
And then debug.
So, you're gonna need to go through, you
wanna look at the navigation on the top,
click all the links, make sure it
goes where you expect it to go.
Click anything else that's
clickable on the page.
Make sure it opens consistently either
a new windows or not new windows.
And if you have some extra time,
feel free to expand on your bio, or
add some more projects to the homepage,
or whatever it is that you would like.
For those of you who
are a little bit more advanced,
I have some advanced additions for this
webpage that you could think about adding.
And I've given you some links for
where you can go and
read about these techniques
a little bit further.
So, here I've given you a link
to a CSS-only hamburger button.
So, I mentioned I cover how to build
this in the Frontend Masters advanced
CSS layouts course, if you wanna
watch that portion of that course,
here are some instructions on how
to build a CSS only drop down,
that is accessible you can tab through it.
Or you can add both of those things
to your navbar, if you wanted to.
You could also think about doing a contact
form instead of an Email button,
that would be something to take
the site to the next level.
Or of course,
you could expand the project section.
So rather than the whole total of
the project is what you see there
on the homepage, which is how
we currently have it configured.
Use that as an introduction
to your project.
Give it all like a read more kinda style,
kind of button, which will take you
to another page on this website that
will give you much more detail,
maybe some more screenshots,
a link to the actual project itself,
that type of thing as individual separate
pages for the rest of the website.
That would be something for you to do.
So, what I'd like for you to do now
though, is just very simply to build,
this about page.
And, we're gonna give you just
five minutes to go through and
put this page together.
And, then I will talk to you about how
I approach this particular problem.
So, go ahead and give it a try, and
I'll talk to you about
the answer in just a minute.
All right, so hopefully that about
page went pretty well for you.
There actually wasn't a ton
of work to do believe it or
not to create that about page.
You've already done most of
the work on the homepage.
It's a matter now for the about page of
scaling back all the work that you did for
the homepage to just the parts
that you need for the about page.
So, let's talk through my answers here and
we'll start here with the CSS,
and what you'll see here in
the CSS is that nothing changed.
We already had all of
the styling written for
the homepage and this is a subset of that.
And so, the projects layout that we
used on the homepage is gonna carry
into the about page.
So, there really isn't any tweaks
that you need to make here for that,
all the changes happen in the HTML,
what changes there are.
So, let's start on down here at
the very bottom of our HTML document,
this is the footer nothing changed.
Footer is exactly the way
it was on the homepage,
shockingly, I know, you can't believe it.
Then we have our gradient bar that
comes right before the footer.
Then you're going to simply repurpose
the portfolio section of the page.
So, the ID here is still called portfolio,
even though or
projects, sorry,
the idea here is still called projects,
even though you have got this
existing already on your homepage.
So, what we have going on here very
simply is one of those projects, so
instead of here are the projects I'm
proud of, this is now Jen Kramer.
Then we have our article,
we have our image, and we have our text.
It's all just listed right here.
And then we have a gradient
bar in between those.
And then up here on the top of the page,
we have our navigation.
Now, There we probably need to make
a few tweaks to this navigation.
Let's just take a quick
peek at how this works.
So, if we open this up, here we go,
open this up in our default browser,
so it looks good, right?
But always go through and
click your buttons on the top.
So, here's one of the things that
happens when you click on projects.
May wanna make sure it goes back
to the homepage projects and
not to the page that you're on.
So one of the changes that
hopefully you made, was for
something like that projects link.
It says here index.html,
and then that hashtag or
pound sign followed by that ID, write?
The portfolio or the projects
depending on which ID you are using.
You wanna be sure to go
back to the homepage,
and then skip down to
that section of the page.
If you just left this with only the ID,
okay?
And save this, and let me go back,
refresh this page, and click on projects.
You're actually gonna skip down to
your bio by default, all right?
So, you need to always
double check your links and
make sure that they're doing
what you expect them to do.
This about page should link to itself, you
should be able to click on Jen Kramer and
go back to the homepage and
make sure that that is working correctly.
Make sure that when you click on
the Contact link that is linking you to
the appropriate section
of the page as well.
So, all of that it's very,
very important to go through and
check all of those links and make sure
that that is all working correctly.
So, double check all of that as you
put that webpage together, finally.